So BFS is actually implemented using a queue,
and let's see how this works.
We have a queue where we add elements to the queue from here,
and then they wait in line like at a grocery store,
and then dequeue we remove the element
that has been waiting in line the longest relative to all the others.
So we'll start at the root, we add element A to the queue here.
Next we want to dequeue an element from the queue,
and there's only A.
So we dequeue A, and once we dequeue and remove an element from the queue,
that's when we say we visited it.
So we visited A.
We also want to now add it's left and right children to the queue.
So we first add B,
the left child to the queue,
and then we add C to the queue.
Notice that B was added first,
so it gets pushed forward and C was added most recently.
So now we're done with A.
Now we're going to dequeue the next element from the queue,
which is now B, and then we say we visited B. This is orange.
Now with B, we're going to check
if it has left and right children and add them to the queue.
In this case B has a child which is D,
so we're enqueuing D onto the queue,
and notice C gets pushed forward,
and then that's it we're done with B.
So now we're going to dequeue the next item which is going to be C. So C is dequeued,
we say we visited C, C is this is orange,
we add any left or right child,
in this case there are none,
so we're done with C. So now we're going to dequeue the next element,
which is in this case D. When we dequeue it,
we're going to check if there's a left or right child to add to the queue,
in this case there isn't,
and so we're done.
So now the queue is empty,
which means we visited all the nodes.
We visited them one level at time, A,
and then B, and then C,
and then D: A,
B, C, and D.